DOCS-8381 SAP SuccessFactors 3.2 (#875)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: sap-successfactors/3.2/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

** Base Path +
Path where your Mule application listens for requests.
+
. Select the plus sign to add a component.
+
image::sap-successfactors-plus.png[]
+
. Select the connector as a component.
. Select the desired operation.
. Configure the global element for the connector.
+
Basic Connection:
+
image::sap-successfactors-conf1.png[]
+
image::sap-successfactors-conf2.png[]
+
** Company ID +
Enter the ID of the organization in SuccessFactors which information you wish to manage.
** Username +
Username used to initialize the session.
** Password +
Password used to authenticate the user.
** Data Center's End Point URL +
The URL of your organization SuccessFactors instance web API (secured resource). This must be the root URI as shown in the previous image.

== Add the Connector to a Studio Project

Anypoint Studio provides two ways to add the connector to your Studio project: from the Exchange button in the Studio taskbar or from the Mule Palette view.

=== Add the Connector Using Exchange

. In Studio, create a Mule project.
. Click the Exchange icon *(X)* in the upper-left of the Studio task bar.
. In Exchange, click *Login* and supply your Anypoint Platform username and password.

> . In Exchange, search for "success".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In Exchange, search for `success`.
```

. Select the connector and click *Add to project*.
. Follow the prompts to install the connector.

=== Add the Connector in Studio

. In Studio, create a Mule project.
. In the Mule Palette view, click *(X) Search in Exchange*.

> . In *Add Modules to Project*, type "success" in the search field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Add Modules to Project*, type `success` in the search field.
```

. Click this connector's name in *Available modules*.
. Click *Add*.
. Click *Finish*.

== Configure the SuccessFactors Connector Global Element

To use the SuccessFactors connector in a Mule application, you must configure a global SuccessFactors configuration element that can be used by as many SuccessFactors connectors as

> you require for your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you require for your application:
```

> . Click the Global Elements tab at the base of the canvas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the *Global Elements* tab at the base of the canvas.
```

> . In the Global Configuration Elements screen, click Create. Following window would be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the Global Configuration Elements screen, click *Create* to open the *Choose Global Type* window:
```

+
image::sap-successfactors-global-config-wizard.png[Global Element Configuration Wizard]
+

> . In the Choose Global Type wizard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Choose Global Type* window:
```

.. Expand *Connector Configuration*.
.. Select *SuccessFactors Connector Config*.
.. Click *OK*.
+
The following configuration dialog window for Basic Connection appears.
+
image::sap-successfactors-basic-config.png[Basic Connection screen]
+
. Configure these properties:
+
[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
|Parameter|Description
|CompanyID|Your company ID
|User Name|User name to connect
|Password|Password to connect
|Data Center's Endpoint URL|SuccessFactors Web API URL
|Enable Session Reuse|The session is alive.
|===
+
Notes:
+

> * In the Basic configuration screens above, the placeholder values refer to a configuration file `mule-artifact.properties` in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the previous Basic Connection screen, the placeholder values refer to a configuration file `mule-artifact.properties` in the
```

`src/main/resources` folder of your project.
* You can either enter your credentials into the global configuration properties, or reference a configuration file that contains these values.

> * For simpler maintenance and better re-usability of your project, Mule recommends that you use a configuration file. Keeping these values in a separate file is useful if you need to deploy to different environments, such as production, development, and QA, where your access credentials differ.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* For simpler maintenance and better reusability of your project, it's best that you use a configuration file. Keeping these values in a separate file is useful if you need to deploy to different environments, such as production, development, and QA, where your access credentials differ.
```

Reviewer: Per style guide instead of _Mule recommends_ use _it's best_

* default                           * DEPLOYED           *
**********************************************************

************************************************************************
* - - + APPLICATION + - -   * - - + DOMAIN + - -  * - - + STATUS + - - *
************************************************************************
* myapp                     * default             * DEPLOYED           *
************************************************************************
----

== Example: Success Factors

This example demonstrates the use of SuccessFactors Connector.

To build and run this demo project, you need:

* Anypoint Studio with Mule 4.1.1 or later
* SuccessFactors Connector v3.0.0 or later
* SuccessFactors credentials to send OData API requests

=== To Test the Flow

. In Anypoint Studio, in the *File* menu, import the demo project into your workspace.
. Specify your basic credentials in the `/src/main/app/mule-app.properties` file.
. Run the project in Studio.
. Type `localhost:8081` in your browser to access the selection menu of the demo.
. Optionally, you can configure the following parameters: 

* *Connection Timeout* +

> Timeout for the initial connection with the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timeout for the initial connection with the server.
```

Author: No period necessary for sentence fragments

*Read Timeout* +

> Timeout for waiting to read data from the server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Timeout for waiting to read data from the server.
```

Author: Sentence fragment

               <ee:message >
                   <ee:set-payload ><![CDATA[%dw 2.0
   output application/java
   ---
   {
       effectiveStartDate: attributes.queryParams.effectiveStartDate as DateTime,
       vendorCode: attributes.queryParams.vendorCode as String
   }]]></ee:set-payload>
               </ee:message>
           </ee:transform>
           <successfactors:delete-entity entitySetName="VendorInfo" doc:name="Delete entity"
	   config-ref="SuccessFactors_Configuration" />
           <ee:transform doc:name="Transform Message">
               <ee:message >
                   <ee:set-payload ><![CDATA[%dw 2.0
   output application/json
   ---
   payload]]></ee:set-payload>
               </ee:message>
           </ee:transform>
           <logger level="INFO" doc:name="Logger" message="#[payload]"/>
       </flow>
</mule>

----

== Use a Query as a Filter

. In the Anypoint Studio's *Filter* field, select the *Query* value, which enables you to create your own filter.
. In the *Value* field, enter the filter options using the format described in the https://www.odata.org/documentation/odata-version-2-0/uri-conventions/[ODATA URI Conventions] site, item 4.5. +

> Important: You don't need to add the "Entity set name" in the query. You have to select it from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Important]
 You don't need to add the "Entity set name" in the query. You have to select it from the list.
```

Examples:

* `startswith(username, 'Mule') eq true`
* `startswith(username, 'JA') eq true or endswith(username, 'n3') eq true`
* `username eq 'Mike'`

> In conclusion, the Query value is used only for the Filter field. The actual query is built by the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In conclusion, only use the Query value for the Filter field. The connector builds the actual query.
```
